boards/README.md, before:

# Boards

This directory contains boards for Breadboard. Each board is a demonstration of what how you can use Breadboard to solve a particular problem. Many of these boards can be included directly inside boards.

## Running a Board

Note: If you have not already installed the breadboard CLI, you can do so by running the following command:

```bash
npm install -g @breadboard/breadboard-cli
```

or, if you are running from the monorepo:

```bash
npm i
npm run build
npm i
```

You need to install all the deps, then build the CLI, then install the deps again to install the command. If you plan to run from the mono repo, prepend `npx` to the commands below.

To run a board, run the following command from the root of the repository:

```bash
breadboard run boards/<board-name>
```

To run from the UI:

```bash
breadboard debug boards/<board-name>
```

## Creating a new Board

To create a new board, create a new directory in this directory. The name of the directory should be the name of the board and should contain a `README.md` file that describes the board and a TypeScript file that contains the code for the board.

TODO: Add more details here.

## List of Boards

### Use Cases

A use case board is something that can be directly integrated into a Breadboard to solve a particular problem. These boards are designed to be used as-is and have no dependencies on other boards.

- [Fetch RSS Feed](./use-case/fetch-rss/README.md)
- [Fetch ATOM Feed](./use-case/fetch-atom/README.md)
- [Search Google](./use-case/search-google/README.md)
- [Generate Embedding](./use-case/generate-embedding/README.md)
- [Generate Text](./use-case/generate-text/README.md)
- [Convert String to JSON](./use-case/convert-string-to-json/README.md)

### Concepts

A concept board is something that demonstrates a particular concept in Breadboard, it might not be something that can be used directly in an application, but it is a good starting point.

- [Accumulating Context](./concept/accumulating-context/README.md)
- [Few-Shot Learning](./concept/few-shot/README.md)
- [RAG Query](./concept/rag-query/README.md)

Commit message:

Add HTML UI for agentic pipeline
Add HTML UI for accessing and using the agentic pipeline

* Create `index.html` with UI components and scripts to load and interact with the agentic pipeline.
* Update `breadboard.config.js` to serve `index.html` as the default entry point.
* Update `boards/README.md` with instructions on how to access and use the agentic pipeline through the new HTML UI.


---

For more details, open the [Copilot Workspace session](https://copilot-workspace.githubnext.com/curiosityz/breadboard?shareId=bedd4f2b-567d-4915-916b-ed91aab22926).

boards/README.md, after:

# Boards

This directory contains boards for Breadboard. Each board is a demonstration of what how you can use Breadboard to solve a particular problem. Many of these boards can be included directly inside boards.

## Running a Board

Note: If you have not already installed the breadboard CLI, you can do so by running the following command:

```bash
npm install -g @breadboard/breadboard-cli
```

or, if you are running from the monorepo:

```bash
npm i
npm run build
npm i
```

You need to install all the deps, then build the CLI, then install the deps again to install the command. If you plan to run from the mono repo, prepend `npx` to the commands below.

To run a board, run the following command from the root of the repository:

```bash
breadboard run boards/<board-name>
```

To run from the UI:

```bash
breadboard debug boards/<board-name>
```

## Accessing and Using the Agentic Pipeline through the HTML UI

To access and use the agentic pipeline defined in `boards/breadboard.json` through the new HTML UI, follow these steps:

1. Open the `index.html` file in your web browser.
2. Enter the non-fiction text you want to edit in the "Input Text" field.
3. Click the "Run Pipeline" button to process the text through the agentic pipeline.
4. The processed text will be displayed in the "Output" section.

## Interacting with the Pipeline

The HTML UI provides input fields and buttons to interact with the agentic pipeline. You can enter the text you want to process in the "Input Text" field and click the "Run Pipeline" button to start the processing. The output will be displayed in the "Output" section.

## Creating a new Board

To create a new board, create a new directory in this directory. The name of the directory should be the name of the board and should contain a `README.md` file that describes the board and a TypeScript file that contains the code for the board.

TODO: Add more details here.

## List of Boards

### Use Cases

A use case board is something that can be directly integrated into a Breadboard to solve a particular problem. These boards are designed to be used as-is and have no dependencies on other boards.

- [Fetch RSS Feed](./use-case/fetch-rss/README.md)
- [Fetch ATOM Feed](./use-case/fetch-atom/README.md)
- [Search Google](./use-case/search-google/README.md)
- [Generate Embedding](./use-case/generate-embedding/README.md)
- [Generate Text](./use-case/generate-text/README.md)
- [Convert String to JSON](./use-case/convert-string-to-json/README.md)

### Concepts

A concept board is something that demonstrates a particular concept in Breadboard, it might not be something that can be used directly in an application, but it is a good starting point.

- [Accumulating Context](./concept/accumulating-context/README.md)
- [Few-Shot Learning](./concept/few-shot/README.md)
- [RAG Query](./concept/rag-query/README.md)
